OLD SUMMARY
-----------

Determination; Effort; Sweat; Tears.
That's how you'll manage to kick some doors open in this world.
That's how I roll. With passion.

I am currently working as a mythical UX/UI Designer and Full-Stack Developer at Jota Group.
Researching techniques everyday.
Learning new programming languages, developing webapps, reading a lot about Branding.
User Experience. Wireframing. Designing. 
Training illustration, concept art rendering, photo treatment... 
Creating a lot. And, of course, listening to good music all the time.

Life is good.


NEW SUMMARY
-----------

Determination; Effort; Sweat; Tears.
That's how you'll manage to kick some doors open in this world.
That's how I roll. With passion.

My colleagues call me Google, according to them I always able to help with any subject.
They say that I can recognize any font by name from miles of distance.
And also that I rock at the karaoke.

I am currently working as a mythical UX/UI Designer and Full-Stack Developer at Jota Group, and as
a Indie Game Developer in my freetime. Always researching, trying out new tech, coming up with ways
to improve workflow and sharing my insights with others. This last half of the year alone, I took the 
lead role in several projects, including 8 Websites, 3 Apps, 1 framework, 3 plugins and 2 Games. 
And in the first half, I worked in the editorial design of more then 30 magazine releases... Few!

Yes, I've been a wearer of many hats all my carrer long — Programmer, Designer, Illustrator, Game Developer, 
Ad man, Marketeer, Strategist, Salesman, Actor, Writer, Director, Film Maker, Musician — which gave me a broader
perspective of how to tackle and manage multi-disciplinary projects, facing any challenge.

All in all, I'm a master problem solver, a innovative creator, a dedicated student and a pacient teacher.

Want to chat? I'm listening! Hit me at: bruce@cantarim.com. Connections are welcome.

SKILLS: UX Design, UI Design, Graphic Design, Art Direction, Copywriting, Illustration, 
Painting, Webdesign, Software and Game Development, Marketing Strategies, Branding, Dramaturgy, 
Scripting, Audiovisual Production, Directing and Editing, Musical Composition, Acting, Voice Acting.

CODING: Html5, Haml, Pug, Slim, Css3, Less, Sass, Stylus, Bootstrap, Foundation, Javascript, 
Typescript, jQuery, jQuery UI, Node.js, Express.js, Mongodb, Angular 2, Ionic 2, React.js, 
Phaser.js, Python, Ruby, Php, Blade, Twig, Simfony, Laravel, Wordpress, Timber, Pagekit, 
Sql, Git, C, C++, C#, Unity, Xamarin, Git.


Jota
----

UX/UI Designer and Full-stack Developer since june 2016, in charge of the Web department, 
dealing with client meetings, planning, and working with wireframes, prototypes, a/b testing, 
design and development of the websites and online applications. (Html5, Emmet, Css3, Sass, 
Bootstrap, Foundation, Javascript, Typescript, jQuery, jQuery UI, Php, Twig, Sql, Wordpress, 
Timber, Git.) 

Graphic designer since october 2014, working mainly with editorial design and illustrations
of the printed products of the publishing house branch, photo corrections and compositing. 
The job also includes branding development for clients, going from brand, logo, visual identity,
typography, user experience and interfaces.

Also responsible for the internal technical support and maintenance of the company. 

Main tools of the trade: Photoshop, Illustrator, Indesign, Experience Designer, Dreamweaver, 
Muse, Animation, Mischief, Sketchbook, Fontlab Studio, Axure, Omnigraffle, Sparkle, Wordpress, 
Visual Studio Code, Codekit, Dash and other softwares.

Working platform: iMac (macOS Sierra)


Cantarim
--------

Freelance Designer, Ad Man and Illustrator, working in branding, concept, campaigns and writing 
projects, along with producing all kinds of audiovisual material (videos, jingles, soundtracks, 
voiceovers), prints and digital, including ux/ui for apps and websites. Also working with 
game development.


Evangelica
----------

Relationship Agent, planning actions, dealing with suppliers, coordinating guerrila actions 
directly with the event agencies, speaker in many presentations and fairs in colleges and 
preparatory courses in the name of Faculdade Evangélica. 

Ad Man, creating ads, campaigns, and all kind of graphic materials, such as folders, flyers, 
banners, posters, and integrating the endomarketing and the internal communication of the institution. 
Also, designer and manager of the company website.

Working platforms: Windows 7 and Linux.


Lopes
-----

Realstate Agent, dealing with techniques and strategies to capture and deal with client and
negotiations, also responsible for the contact maintenance. Also created ads and presentations
for the pre-sale of several products, and participated in events, blitz and another actions for
the target audience prospection, always present in all the stages of the deal.


PUCPR
-----

Audiovisual Editor, developing and editing projects along with PUCPR's students from all 
communication majors, among them, ads, campaigns, propaganda, news reports, shows, videoclips, 
short and medium length movies, and more.

Main tools of the trade: Premiere and After Effects.

Working platform: Windows XP


Webdesigner - PUCPR
-------------------

Webdesigner, creating layouts and deploying content for PUCPR's website.

Main tools of the trade: Dreamweaver, Flash, Photoshop and Illustrator.

Working Plataforms: Windows XP and Mac OSX.